Ah, this song was especially for the Iranians
and for the Turkish people.
Especially! It says that, "O Mother keep me
in Your protection."
And the whole thing is so beautifully made up
out of that feeling music. It is very remarkable
how these people have done this.
Give them a hand.
Could we have a few helpers, Bogdhan, Russell?
Anybody who knows 'Shankara Bhole Bhale.'
Everybody.
The next item is an arrangement of Vinati Suniye.
So the next item on our programme tonight is
a traditional dance from Thailand
called Serng Isan.
This dance was from the North East part of Thailand,
which is a dry farming area and this is a popular dance
that at harvest time,
the girls carry, in the basket, inside, glutenous rice
is to feed the workers in the field and spread
the joy of the harvest.
Our next item is a song from the Malaysian Collective
and the music is from a Chinese melody
from a mandarin song and it is called,
"Moon Represents My Heart."
We now have a traditional dance, a Malaysian dance,
called, 'Joget.'
The next item on the programme is a song
which will be performed by the Japanese,
a Japanese song.
Shri Mataji with Your permission,
which is a dry farming area and this is a popular dance
and Casko will give a brief translation of these songs.
The first song is about the Spring.
In the Spring, people get on the boat and
they enjoy the scenery of the Spring
and this song is about the beauty of the nature of the Spring time.
And the next song is the song of the Autumn.
And then all the leaves of the
trees are changing the colours
green and the yellow and red.
And this song is the beauty of the Autumn.
The next item is a play and it is entitled, "The First People."
The play was written by Brian Bell, from New Zealand.
He's not here.
The piece tells the story of the first people who evolved the world over.
Our story is told through the eyes of the indigenous people of Australia and relates something of their beliefs, as viewed through the eyes of a Sahaji Yogi. Yet is could also be the story of the Zulu and the Thembu, the Navajo and the Mohican, the Incan and the Mayan.
Those who commonly saw the Earth as precious and who communed with the Spirit of God in the natural surroundings; for they were part of the Earth and it was part of them.
It is also the story of the clash between the traditions of people, who saw all belonging to the same family, with those who wished only to conquer and to whom little was sacred.
We conclude with a desire for the dawn of the Age, when all will be reconciled. For it is the birthright of all people to have freedom to seek, to be truly free. Then we may all be brothers and sisters worshipping the One, God, Shri Adi Shakti Nirmala Devi. Jai Shri Mataji!
Well G'day!
Looks like a different bunch of birth fellas
here to what we're used to in our place.
Do you know what G'day means?
It means 'hello.' 'Nice to see you.'
'Hope that you are having a good
day,' all at the same time.
We say it to family and to strangers alike,
because we are all connected. You and me!
So, G'day to all you Earth fellas.
G'day
G'day, G'day!
They asked us to say a few words about
the country, the place we call Australia.
What is means to us, who were there long ago.
Long before white people,
long before anyone from the North cast their eyes on our great South Land.
We're an old people,
an ancient people.
They call us aborigines, but that's not our name.
That's not our true name.
Where we come from, no one knows.
Some say we were the first people.
Of ourselves, we say we came from nowhere.
We've always been here.
Us and our timeless land have been and are one.
They asked us to say a few words.  I don't know what a few words really means, but let us see how it all unfolds.
Now come and sit down.  Imagine you're in our country now;
the red land, the timeless land.
The oldest, unchanged place on this Mother Earth.
It has the oldest soils, the oldest
flowing rivers and the oldest tribes.
This is our land, our island home.
We are different, you and me.
The ways of white people and us are different;
like two rivers that never meet
and never mix their waters.
We are different. We say that the Earth is Our Mother.
We cannot own Her. She owns us, gives us life.
We worship the Mother Earth.
The sacred places are all around.  If you can feel them,
if you know where to look and how to look.
It is from the sacred places of my people,
we get the strength of the Earth Mother;
that All Powerful Earth Mother.
Now it is said, that these times are ones of change.
They say, in this Age, there are also some white people who gather together and revere the Mother Earth.
They also gather together from far off
places and worship the Holy Mother together
and gain strength from that meeting,
who know the sacred places and sing the holy words.
This is good.  This is very good.
So the ways of Truth should always be followed.
These are special times for it is in this time, when the dreaming of white people, of black people, of all people
must be as one, like the joining of all great rivers
into the one great sea.
For our people, all the rocks are alive with the
spirit of the Mother Earth. Her power is there,
inside the rocks, within the earth
and it protects us, all of us.
They are Her and She is them.
For our people, the Earth is what you call a temple,
a place of reverence.
Since the beginning of creation, in the time that we know as the Dreaming, the Earth has give us shelter
from the heat, a place to paint,
a place to dance the sacred dance,
a place to commune with the Almighty
Spirit, who is the source of all that was
and all that will ever be.
In the fury of the dreaming we can see the Master's hand
in every corner of the land
in every leaf that stirs and in every grain of sand.
She put Her Son in the sky to mark time
to dig down upon the land, to light our way
to ease the pain of our separation and
to help remind us of whence we came.
One by one, our people began to follow the sun
until we were as one.
We stirred the sacred dust of this land with our bare feet
and never did we lay our feet upon the Sacred Uluru.
We danced by the sea.
We danced by the shore.
We sang our songs and for countless
ages we lived in peace with the land.
How do people repay such gifts?
By worship, through respect and
reverence for all that is around us,
by protecting the land
and this we have done for thousands of
years, in sacred covenant with Our Mother.
We believe this land is the home of the dreaming,
the time of creation and the powers which created our land came and painted themselves on this land,
so that people could meet together, grow strong and give this strength back into the world.
Our totem is the Rainbow Serpent;
the giver and taker of life.
She has many different names, that wise one.
It is said, that when the spirits of people have been made strong, She will come back to this Earth.
We've waited for that day, but white people came and took our place
and like a great storm that rises up out of the sea
has flown over the land and
scattered my people in the wind.
Now, we are no longer strong.
We are too tired from fighting time,
fighting your machines, fighting each other.
But hear now, hear all you
people. You've come to listen.
So sit down by the fire, inform yourself and
you'll hear the story of how this world began.
In the time of dreaming, the land lay cold and flat
nothing moved on the barren
surface. The world was empty.
Then She, that powerful One, that most
beautiful One, the Rainbow Serpent
was asleep under the ground
with all life in Her belly, waiting to be born.
Then the Great Spirit Father gently woke
Her and asked Her to stir the Universe into life.
It was time for Her to rise up out of this Earth.
She opened Her eyes and darkness
disappeared as She gazed over the land.
She took a breath and the atmosphere changed.
The air gently vibrated as the first breeze began to blow.
She came out of the Earth at the heart of my people, at a place we named Uluru,
which means "Sacred and "Permanent."
This was the first place She
created; a place of innocence.
She created it to stand alone, sacred, changeless.
It is eternal and contains an irresistible awe which stirs a sense of mystery.
It is at Uluru that Her people hear
Her voiceless, breath of wonder and
with humility see Her manifesting, sublime form.
It is a place of worship.
She looked around. Everywhere, all was dark.
There was no light, no colour.
Then She began Her work.
She pushed up the land into mountains and hills.
She asked Her Son, the Good Spirit, to rise
high in the sky and bring light to the world.
Now Her Good Son rose high in the
sky and He smiled down upon the land.
The sky lit up from His smile and we Her children saw colour and shadow and that Good Spirit saw Himself in the shining waters.
She went on a long journey from East
to West and from North to South.
She crossed the barren land and wherever Her Feet touched the Earth, grasses, trees and flowers grew,
covering the land in a blanket of colour;
filling the air with their sweet aromas.
She then called the animals
to come from their sleep.
She made them full with the joy of life.
She told them to spread throughout the land, until the land and the rivers were teeming with life.
She made night to give a time
of rest to all Her creatures.
She made the cycles and rhythms
of life to give food and shelter.
Then She made us, Her people: not as lords
of the universe for that is Her abode,
but in kinship with all existence, taking our
proper place, just as the stars took theirs.
Time is meaningless for us. It is but a continuity;
a circle firmly established, constantly confirmed, happening for ever.
Our faith is woven with the familiar
fabric of life, of the land.
The land itself confirms the truth of all that we believe;
endorses the laws that discipline
us and legislates for our survival.
Our people never too many, laughter loving, skilled in crafts, natural story tellers, singers, dancers, living together in balance with our surroundings.
Life in harmony and order!
We worship the Great Mother, who gave us life.
She created our souls in the likeness of God.
Many of us still hold true to our ways.
We do not forget Her.
In our sacred places we ask Her
to come back to Her children.
"Come," we ask. "Bring us Your birds of many colours. Come back to Your rivers rushing to the sea.
Come back to your teaming fish of a thousand colours and shapes." She is the Mother of us all.
She is the Spirit of the land;
all its beauty, all its colour.
But there were those who see no colour, who lost their connection with the land,
who wish only to destroy the Mother and themselves.
Their eyes were open, but they did not see.
Those of us who did see were foretold of the storm that would sweep over our people.
We have lived and now are living through that storm.
We passed through the violence of a summer's
dream into the chill of a wintry night.
In the broken mirror of our
innocence, we almost faded into space.
Within each of us there is a dying voice reaching out somewhere for an answer.
Strange how it is that people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are content. So it us with us.
Then white people came.
At first they asked to use the land.
Permission was readily given. The
concept of ownership was unknown to us.
Land belongs to itself. It's the substance of the people and animals who live on it.
It is saturated with the Great Spirit who is the source of all life.
The Earth Mother, the Great Spirit gave
the land equally to all, to use freely.
Our land is so large there is room for
everyone, but the invaders wanted it all.
Soon they seemed to be everywhere.
Soon we found our land and
hunting grounds gone from us
and we were chased away like animals.
When the sacred law is broken, all creation bleeds.
Our culture smashed and in
ruins treated with contempt.
Their religion enforced on us;
self righteous, inflexible, incapable of self questioning.
Our land used only as a mine for money and power.
We had no defence against their guns and their poisons and their diseases, their conquering and possessive mines.
Our land, which had been the home of people living in harmony; people who left no mark, no signs of depredation had been
parcelled out among the settlers and kept away from us.
We were moved on into areas of the poorest land,
into lands denuded of trees,
cut down wantonly, ravaged by erosion.
But now I don't have the information
to look back on those days.
I've heard the angel footsteps,
like the motion of the sea,
telling of a new day.
I behold the winds of change
sweeping across this land.
In this age I've seen things happening
among all the people around us.
and now, onward in our journey, I come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand,
like every sparrow falling, all is in Her hands, like the perfect unfinished plan.
Now our fears tell us that the storm of the white people's coming has passed
and now there will be peace between us and a good time.
This She has told us in our dreams, to help us to remember who we are.
The animals of this country, like the emu
with the dust of the red Earth Mother upon its feet, reminds us to protect the land; to always put back
as much as we take.
Then She told us to care for the big red kangaroo.
He's the very colour and spirit of the land.
He reminds us to take time for
ourselves and for the land.
Then there is goanna, last of all,
because his legs are so short.
He brings the news that we, his children,
are forgetting to give time to each other.
But the animals of the land of our Earth Mother, come to say more than this.
They come to say that our Creator, She who is the Rainbow Serpent, She who is full of tears for what we are doing on this Earth is with us.
It is good for all people to dream of places which are beautiful and sacred.
But for you, it seems that with all your great machines you can travel almost anywhere.
You can travel across the land at great speed.
For some, all that is sacred is the big city with its bright lights and the music and dancing of the modern world.
There is almost nothing mankind cannot do.
He can move in the air and even to the moon.
But for us, we ask, "Why should we go?"
"Where would we ask the
machines to take us?"
They have no spirit or feeling of their own.
We can guide them to the places that have meaning for us.
That is why we, the people of this land, like our ancestors before us
will always come back to this land, to this place of our being
and share the feeling of this land with all living things.
I belong here in this land where the spirit of the Earth Mother is strong in the land and in me.
And you, people of the Earth listen,
take time. The time is meant to enjoy.
Let the spirit of this mighty land
touch you, as it touches my people.
Take time by the waters. The water is good,
for it carries the strength of the Mother.
It will lift you up and gives you rest,
so that you can journey in this world.
Then you can feel the joy that is seldom felt and see the dream that white people seldom see.
Perhaps soon in all your travels, you will see the Great Mother in all the places that She has made.
Perhaps,
Perhaps, when the white heart opens.
Perhaps, when the black heart heals.
Perhaps, when the spirits of all peoples and the spirit of this land can once more be together as one.
That was taken from Aboriginal poems
and compiled by Chris Kyriacou.
The next item we have from the Iranians
and the first item is a Qawwali, praising
Shri Mataji as the Spirit of God.
Beloved Shri Mataji, Brothers and Sisters,
welcome to probably the first Iranian qawwali.
This qawwali is called "Mataji Ruh- E-Allah" which means Shri Mataji the Spirit of God.
It's in Farzi language. It's written by an Iranian, put to music by a Romanian, who was in Baba Mama's school in Nagpur
and we're very much helped by the
French qawwali group. Thank you.
So this is a dance and it's a Persian Dance and it's called the Minotaur Dance and this is a traditional dance from Isfahan, which is in Iran.
It's the old city, a beautiful city with mosques and beautiful ceramics. It's very, very artistic, with a big palace.
The ancient capital!
Ah Isfahan I have been. It's a very, beautiful place and has
got a very old palace and I
went with my brother, Baba
and I was telling him that beyond this, there
is a well and there is a door here, this side.
So the guide asked, "How does she
know? Has she been here before?"
I said, "I have been, must have been."
So the next item is a song.
This is a traditional Sufi song and it
is the poetry of the great Saint, Rumi.
The words, the translation of the
words are: A deer came in my midst
and I tried to capture her,
but she vanished out of my sight
and there in her place, I found You standing there,
emanating all the joys I ever sought.
You are the Mother, you are
the Mother of all the worlds.
It's the next song.
So we have a dance now. This is called 'Zarbi' which is another traditional dance.
This time it is from Tehran.
The music of this song is played with only one drum and it is an instrument, called the Zarb.
It's a traditional Persian drum.
The next item is a ... I'll get it
right in a second, Azerbaijani folk song
Azerbaijan!
And this is the folk music describing the incarnation of Shri Mataji as Fatima.
And the translation reads: A deer came in my midst
and I tried to capture her,
but she vanished out of my sight
and then in her place, I found You standing there,
emanating all the joys I ever sought.
You are the Mother, You are the Mother of all the worlds.
You are the Mehdi, You are the Mehdi
the owner of the worlds. You are Fatima. You are my Mother, You are my Mother.
You are Nirmala, You are my Mother, You are my Mother.
For all the wise and all the lonely, who call for You,
You are their Mother. For all the poor
and all the lost, You are their hope.
You are aware of that which is hidden in their hearts
and thus unfold the veil to reveal the Truth.
The chorus is: You are the answer to all their questions.
You are the answer of all their questions.
You are Fatima. You are my Mother.
You are Nirmala. You are my Mother.
If one stands under your protection, whether poor, rich, lonely or lost, the fruits of Paradise will rain upon you.
Mother You are the Giver of all these fruits.
If all the oceans turned to ink
and all the trees turned to pens
and all the poets wrote their
prose for one hundred years,
some of you precious gift to us would be eternal and everlasting.
Thank You for being Our Mother. Jai Shri Mataji!
Shri Mataji, I have wrote the lyrics to this poem
and I haven't spoken this language since 21 years.
And I write it and I try to think
of all the things I have done.
One thing has to do audience,
they have to dance with us.
It is Bhajan everyone is there is invited to dance.
Hindi 25
With all this jubilation,
such joy in the atmosphere,
from so many nations
you see people dancing with joy, in the name of God.
Shows the future all over, in the whole world,
Sahaja Yoga is going to spread.
As we are all together, here, in pure love, in pure joy
is such a dream of mine coming true.
And I am so overjoyed to see all these
nations who have joined together
Today, I don't know how to say,
their efforts have really created
blossoms and blossoms of beauty and joy.
I bless you all with my heart
Keep on! Keep on moving, having faith
in your Self, in your Self Realisation.
That's how we are going to progress.
Tomorrow is a great day. We are going
to celebrate Shri Ganesha's birth
and I was thinking we'd better have it earlier because it's....
I don't know why the evening has become so cold.
I think it must be Shri Ganesha's cool
is flowing all over. I can't explain.
But we could have it earlier, so that
you don't suffer from this cold
during Puja time. It can be even worse, me sitting there emitting all the vibrations, I don't know what would happen.
So I would request all of you
tomorrow enjoy the morning nicely
and about 4 o'clock, about 1
o'clock we'll start the Puja.
It's not a very long Puja, because only Shri Ganesha's Puja it is, so not going to run long.
I think there's.. I don't know whom to thank because people have done so well; all of you.
All of you, I never expected all that,
so beautifully everything arranged, organised.
We never felt, at least I never felt it was night
and I'm sure you all enjoyed it.
May God bless you. God bless
you. Thank you very much.
All the best for Iran also, I am saying.